For this project we need to use the following libraries:

Tensorflow: for the implementation of the models and saving of them
Pandas and os: For working with files and directories
Numpy: for multiple operations with arrays

I decided to divide the project in multiple steps:

1. Observing the data and finding what the data actually means
2. Finding ways to implement an algorithm for the problems that we are facing
3. Performing data preprocessing and dividing it into training and testing sets
4. Important factors for MHG
5. Important factors for GY


After doing a bit of research and asking some friends from the agriculture field I found out the meaning of the data
from the .csv file.

In the following lines I will define the abbreviation of each term in the columns of the .csv file:

pH - measures the acidity of the soil
IFP - integrated fruit production is a factor that shows the impact on the medium of agrochemicals
NLP - is the quantity of nutrients that enter an ecosystem in a given period of time
NGP - non-grain production is the amount of land that is shifted between crop and non-crop activities (I think)
NGL - is the quantity of fuel used by the trucks that harvest and tend the crops
NS - nitrogen and sulfur represents the amount of fertilizer used for the crops
MHG - thousand seed weight is a factor used by farmers to estimate rates for seeding and to calculate the potential
yield and quality of a crop
GY - Grain yield is the measurement of how many crops have been harvested from the land

After I have searched for every term I started the data preprocessing. What I did was that I took from the file only the
data necessary. For example, I didn't take the name of the "Cultivar" because it wasn't useful for the upcoming models.
Then I took all the data and divided it in two sets, one for training (80% of the data) and one for testing (the rest of
the data 20%). While dividing into training and testing I made sure that I have the labels separated from the actual
training data (MHG is used for the first model as label).
While building the model I got stuck at the model training part. the problem was that all the data that I read from the
file was cast as integer type which won't work in the .fit function of the keras model. This problem was solved by casting
all the data to float32 format.

For determining the MHG the most important factors are:
one of the most important parameter for determining the MHG is the pH of the soil, followed by the NLP (Nutrient Loading
Potential), NS (Nitrogen Sulfur) and GY (Grain Yield)

For the GY the most important factors are basically the same as for MHG with the MHG included.
